Pedro,

Just based on this image,here are some suggestions:

App Information Section- can be used for Members Info

User name-date of membership,user status,etc....


Links Section:
Within the box we should include a small banner 125x125 box,for advertising purposes(extra revenue)
and you see the box buttons,links to our customer service support,forums,important pages,etc...

Version Box

This information has been generated by this trade request:

Star Wars Episode IV 1999 BlueRay Disk(image of that trade)

view details button-can be used for linking more info on trade

Trade Request was started by XYZ USER ON 1/1/01
Trade request was shipped out by USER XYZ ON 1/01/10
Trade request was confirmed recieved on 01/12/10
Members

Where is displays-new version that box can be used for Entering tracking info along with maybe a USPS Tracking box for entering tracking or reseaching shipping info.

Hope that gives you a idea on how to template style that page.

Mike

Pedro,

Yes,as long as the user has enough credits within thier accounts to pay for the trades they want.

Becuase the way it works,once a trade has been requested and confirmed,credits will be deducted from the users requester account,for payment of that trade transaction.The person who sends its out(the trade) upon getting a official confirmation,that the person who requested that trade actually recieved it,os when he get a awarded point,as a thank your gift,for having done his job of sending it out.All users were notified by the internal system(unnidem email) of thise transactions.(I believe you made it work that way as well)

Note,when you helped developed the mydvdtrader.com trading componate as well,you created a form of reciept(a link next to the trade sent which read"check upon status of trade") which opened into small window,that listed mailing details about that trade.

Example or something simiiar of what it read in box:

This trade has been confirmed by XYC user as being sent out on May 31,2013 via USPS mail,Please allow up to 10 business days to recieve.Upon recieving it,please dont forget to let that other user know you got it.Thanks for being a active user of this community.

I was thinking and only a suggestion,in addition to that,maybe you can add a system of balloons(radio buttons) next to each trade that is requested and confirmed.

Example,when the trade is confirmed,the small balloon lights up in green(green for its was recieved) and red when it hasnt been recieved yet(RED it has been recieved yet) for both users(traders and requesters).

The reason for that,is because the old system is place,make it quite difficult to determine quickly if a trade was recieved or not,especially if there were many trades conducted.

Its only a suggestion,its up to you,how you want to develope it.

Note,having in place,a system of notifications is very important for the sucess of the componate.

Thanks